CC-34508: Adjust Price behavior during Order Amendment. (#3085)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202505.0/install-the-order-amendment-feature.md

| CancelOrderAmendmentBeforeQuoteSavePlugin                              | Triggers OMS event defined in {@link \Spryker\Zed\SalesOrderAmendmentOms\SalesOrderAmendmentOmsConfig::getCancelOrderAmendmentEvent()} to cancel the order amendment process.                           | Should be executed before {@link \Spryker\Zed\SalesOrderAmendment\Communication\Plugin\Quote\ResetAmendmentOrderReferenceBeforeQuoteSavePlugin}. | Spryker\Zed\SalesOrderAmendmentOms\Communication\Plugin\Quote                        |
| ResetAmendmentOrderReferenceBeforeQuoteSavePlugin                      | Sets `QuoteTransfer.amendmentOrderReference` to null if `QuoteTransfer.amendmentOrderReference` is not null.                                                                                            | None                                                                                                                                             | Spryker\Zed\SalesOrderAmendment\Communication\Plugin\Quote                           |

> | ResetOriginalSalesOrderItemUnitPricesBeforeQuoteSavePlugin             | Sets empty array to `QuoteTransfer.originalSalesOrderItemUnitPrices` if `QuoteTransfer.items` is empty and `QuoteTransfer.originalSalesOrderItemUnitPrices` is not empty.                               | None                                                                                                                                             | Spryker\Zed\PriceProductSalesOrderAmendment\Communication\Plugin\Quote               |

Reviewer: Didn't find code snippet with wiring this plugin.

class CurrencyDependencyProvider extends SprykerCurrencyDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return list<\Spryker\Client\CurrencyExtension\Dependency\Plugin\CurrentCurrencyIsoCodePreCheckPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getCurrentCurrencyIsoCodePreCheckPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new SalesOrderAmendmentCurrentCurrencyIsoCodePreCheckPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

**src/Pyz/Client/Price/PriceDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Client\Price;

use Spryker\Client\Price\PriceDependencyProvider as SprykerPriceDependencyProvider;
use Spryker\Client\SalesOrderAmendment\Plugin\Price\SalesOrderAmendmentCurrentPriceModePreCheckPlugin;

class PriceDependencyProvider extends SprykerPriceDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return list<\Spryker\Client\PriceExtension\Dependency\Plugin\CurrentPriceModePreCheckPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getCurrentPriceModePreCheckPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new SalesOrderAmendmentCurrentPriceModePreCheckPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

> Make the Glue API call with a currency and price mode different from those in the cart when an order is being edited. For example: `glue.mysprykershop.com/catalog-search?q=001&currency=CHF&priceMode=NET_MODE`. Then, verify that the currency and price mode remain unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Initiate order editing. 
2. Send an API request with a currency and price mode different from those in the cart. For example: `glue.mysprykershop.com/catalog-search?q=001&currency=CHF&priceMode=NET_MODE`. 
   Make sure the currency and price mode in the cart remain unchanged.
```
